README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website

A personal portfolio website showcasing my skills, projects, and contact information.

**Live Website:** [https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/](https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/)

## Overview

This portfolio website is designed to present my professional background, showcase my work, and provide a way for potential employers or clients to contact me. The site features a clean, responsive design with easy navigation.

## Project Structure

```
NishanBhattarai327.github.io/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── style/
│   └── main.css        # CSS styling
├── script/
│   └── main.js         # JavaScript functionality
└── images/
    └── me.jpg          # Profile picture
```

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to different screen sizes for optimal viewing experience
- **About Section**: Personal introduction and background information
- **Works Section**: Showcase of projects and portfolio pieces
- **Contact Section**: Information for reaching out

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- GitHub Pages (for hosting)

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/NishanBhattarai327/NishanBhattarai327.github.io.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd NishanBhattarai327.github.io
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your web browser to view the site locally.

## Development

To make changes to the site:

1. Edit the HTML, CSS, or JavaScript files as needed
2. Test your changes locally by opening the index.html file in a browser
3. Commit and push your changes to GitHub to update the live site

## Future Improvements

- Add more detailed project information to the Works section
- Implement a contact form in the Contact section
- Add animations and interactive elements
- Incorporate a blog section

## Deployment

This site is deployed using GitHub Pages. Any changes pushed to the main branch will be automatically deployed to the live site at [https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/](https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/).

## Author

Nishan Bhattarai - Computer Engineering Student

Commit message:

Add dark/light mode toggle functionality and enhance README.md

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website

A personal portfolio website showcasing my skills, projects, and contact information.

**Live Website:** [https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/](https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/)

## Overview

This portfolio website is designed to present my professional background, showcase my work, and provide a way for potential employers or clients to contact me. The site features a clean, responsive design with easy navigation.

## Project Structure

```
NishanBhattarai327.github.io/
├── index.html          # Main HTML file
├── style/
│   └── main.css        # CSS styling with dark/light mode support
├── script/
│   └── main.js         # JavaScript functionality for theme toggle
└── images/
    └── me.jpg          # Profile picture
```

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to different screen sizes for optimal viewing experience
- **About Section**: Personal introduction and background information
- **Works Section**: Showcase of projects and portfolio pieces
- **Contact Section**: Information for reaching out
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes
- **Minimal Design**: Clean, focused layout that emphasizes content

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript
- GitHub Pages (for hosting)
- Font Awesome (for icons)

## Dark/Light Mode Feature

The website includes a theme toggle feature that allows visitors to switch between dark and light modes according to their preference. The selected theme is saved in the browser's local storage to persist across visits.

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/NishanBhattarai327/NishanBhattarai327.github.io.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd NishanBhattarai327.github.io
   ```

3. Open `index.html` in your web browser to view the site locally.

## Development

To make changes to the site:

1. Edit the HTML, CSS, or JavaScript files as needed
2. Test your changes locally by opening the index.html file in a browser
3. Commit and push your changes to GitHub to update the live site

## Future Improvements

- Add more detailed project information to the Works section
- Implement a functional backend for the contact form
- Add animations and interactive elements
- Incorporate a blog section

## Deployment

This site is deployed using GitHub Pages. Any changes pushed to the main branch will be automatically deployed to the live site at [https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/](https://nishanbhattarai327.github.io/).

## Author

Nishan Bhattarai - Computer Engineering Student
